Updated documentation and added clarity on model to be used for Dynamic Media delivery (#113)
AdobeDocs/uix: src/pages/extension-manager/extension-developed-by-adobe/configurable-asset-picker/index.md

- `imageMimeType component`: Optional `custom-asset-namespace:custom-asset-mimetype` value, it has been overridden in the extension to contain selected asset MIME Type. Please note that if mime type is set to image/* or for relative paths that resolve to an asset in AEM and is known to be an image, the asset is rendered using edge delivery services. In case you require the asset to be rendered using [Dynamic Media with OpenAPI capabilities](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/experience-manager-cloud-service/content/assets/dynamicmedia/dynamic-media-open-apis/dynamic-media-open-apis-overview), select the asset from delivery repository and make sure the imageMimeType is not present in the model. If the mime type is missing, the generated markup will contain an anchor tag for Dynamic Media image path.

> - `Alt-Text component`: Optional. For Dynamic Media delivery, since anchor tag is being generated in the markup, title property of the anchor tag can be leveraged to generate the alt text in the markup. Else the regular picture element property i.e `imageAlt` should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Alt-Text component`: Optional. For Dynamic Media delivery, since anchor tag is being generated in the markup, title property of the anchor tag can be leveraged to generate the alt text in the markup. For assets not using Dynamic Media with Open API delivery,  the regular picture element property i.e `imageAlt` should be used.
```

Author: Updated.

   "aemTierType": [
        "delivery",
        "author"
    ],
    "expiryOptions": {
        "allowSelectionAndDrag": false,
    },
    "filterSchema": [
        {
          "fields": [
            {
              "defaultValue": ["image/*"],
              "element": "checkbox",
              "name": "type",
              "options": [
                {
                  "label": "Image",
                  "readOnly": true,
                  "value": "image/*"
                }
              ]
            }
          ],
          "groupKey": "FileTypeGroup",
          "header": "File Type"
        },
        {
          "fields": [
            {
              "columns": 3,
              "defaultValue": ["arena"],
              "element": "taggroup",
              "name": "property=xcm:keywords.id=",
              "options": [
                {
                  "label": "Demo",
                  "value": "demo"
                }
              ]
            }
          ],
          "groupKey": "AssetTagsGroup",
          "header": "Assets Tags"
        }
      ],
}
```
## Note: 

> If the asset selector is not rendered as per the configuration, please check the console for any CORS issues while fetching the config file.

Reviewer: This could be rephrased as a "Troubleshooting Tip" on what to check if the selector is not rendered and what to do to address it.

Author: Updated.
